Which player has the funniest losing-their-virginity story? The person with the most votes gets a pass, everyone else drinks.
Everybody reveal the name of your group chat with your friends. Funniest name drinks.
If you play golf, it's time to par-tee. Yell out "fore!" and take a drink.
Which player is most likely to get high before a job interview? The person with the most votes drinks.
Which would you rather give up, oral sex or cheese? Everyone votes; the losing team drinks.
If you've eaten McDonald's in the past week, enjoy a McDrink.
If your phone is less than 50%, you should take a 100% drink.
We just entered Flavortown. The person who looks most like Guy Fieri takes a drink.
Every blondie takes a drink. Cheers to being the funnest.
Every player with dyed hair takes a drink, you ain't foolin' nobody.
Every player who has dimples must drink up, you fucking cuties.
Everyone must hold their cup like a mug of hot chocolate and take a little sip like they're curled up next to a fire.
If you've ever blacked out on a Four Loko, give out four drinks.
Take a drink if you own an Ivy League sweatshirt.
Take a drink if you own a pair of Vans and don't skate. Cheers, posers.
The player reading this card must switch an article of clothing with another player. Then both players take a drink.
Everyone who knows how to roll a joint takes a drink.
Drink if you have a sex playlist.
Drink if you have an email signature. Best, Buzzed.
The player who has had the most recent one night stand drinks to sexual independence.
Drink if you're friends with mom on Facebook.
Drink once if you're the little spoon, drink twice if you're the big spoon.
All gingers take a drink. Sorry, not sorry.
Players that live in the same zip code drink to being neighbors.
Everyone vote on who is the best at winking. That person gives out a drink.
Players that went to summer camp take a drink for being so annoying that your parents had to send you away.
The player who found out Santa isn't real at the oldest age takes a drink for being gullible.
The player reading this card must choose two players to interlock their right arms and drink.
The player reading this card is now the fire marshal: explain the escape plan if a fire started, and then give out two drinks.
Whoever had to drink last round drinks again, bitch.
If I can see your ankles right now, take a drink.
Everyone votes on the person who looks the hottest in their ID pic. You can't vote for yourself. The winner picks someone else to drink.
Drink if you haven't eaten a vegetable today.
Drink if you've peed since the game has started.
Everyone who has ever done Molly at a music festival takes a drink.
All players take turns complimenting you. The player who gives the best compliment gives out a drink.
The player who smoked a cigarette most recently takes a drink. Juuls don't count.
Everyone drinks once for every letter in their name. Sorry, Alexander.
Drink if you've ever had a full body massage. Drink twice if it finished with a happy ending.
Vote on how to properly say caramel, losing team drinks.
Drink if you've made a woman come before.
Whoever has a tattoo must drink, then show everybody your dope ink.
Drink if you played a varsity sport in high school.
Ketchup or mustard on a hot dog? Losing team drinks. If you put both, also drink.
Mexican or Chinese food? Everyone votes, the losing team drinks twice.
Take a drink if you're a pet owner. Cheers to your fur baby.
If you've ever had a Tumblr, MySpace, or Vine, drink up.
Everyone who has seen a dick on ChatRoulette must drink.
If you were in a fraternity or sorority, throw what you know and drink.
Drink if you've studied abroad in Europe and it totally changed your life.
On the count of three, everyone say their favorite sex position. Whoever has the same answer cheers and drinks.
If you've ever had one of the $1 drinks at Applebee's, drink now.
Drink if you got tested for COVID-19.
Drink if you subscribe to OnlyFans. Give out a drink if you have one.
Players who have gone skydiving, scuba diving, or ziplining take a drink to feed your adventurous soul.
Drink if you have ever cried after a haircut.
If you bite your nails, keep your mouth busy with a drink.
Drink if you've ever read a self-help book.
Drink if you've ever secretly thrown up at a party and then acted like nothing ever happened.
Drink if you say y'all or yeehaw.
Ope, drink if you're from the Midwest.
Drink if this is your second day in a row drinking.
The next player to make eye contact with you must drink.
If you've ever owned Crocs, drink.
Drink if you are old enough to have had a flip phone.
All players who wished you a happy birthday in the past year take a drink.
If you like cottage cheese, take a drink.
The player reading this card gets to choose an item in the room that another player must hold. The person must continue to hold this item until they finish their drink.
Everybody scream AHHHHH, now drink.
Reverse the rotation of the game, everybody drinks.
Drink if you have a Snapchat streak right now. Person with the longest streak gives out a drink.
Go around the circle saying the alphabet backwards. The person who fucks it up first drinks.
The person who brought this game to the party gives out three drinks.
Drink if you've been to the Grand Canyon.
Slurp your drink if you've ever gotten a free Slurpee at 7-Eleven.
Choose someone to play you in rock, paper, scissors. Remaining players bet on who will win, losers drink together in shame.
Players wearing all black, this is a funeral. Drink up.
Count to three, then everyone points at the player they want to take a drink. Drink as many times as you were pointed at.
Everyone who has drunk texted their ex in the last month must drink.
Which player would be the first to die in a scary movie? The person with the most votes drinks.
Players wearing a watch must take a drink. We have cellphones now, dummies.
Sleep talkers take a drink. Sleepwalkers take two.
Drink once if you were a home lunch kid, drink twice if you were a cafeteria kid.
If this is your first time playing Buzzed, take two drinks. Welcome to the family.
On the count of three, players point at the person most likely to order chicken fingers at a fancy restaurant. Whoever has the most fingers pointed at them drinks.
All players lay their phone on the table. Wait for the first person to receive a push notification. That person drinks.
All players check what color underwear they have on. Whoever is wearing the same color drinks together.
Challenge another player to a thumb war. Loser drinks.
If you have a four letter name, take four sips.
Any player standing, please make yourself comfortable, then take a drink.
Everyone who brought a Juul tonight takes a drink.
Drink if you can sing, then sing the chorus of "I Will Always Love You" by Whitney Houston.
Do you take showers in the morning or at night? Everyone votes, losing team drinks.
Everyone who isn't following me on Instagram, throw me a follow to help my ratio, then drink.
Do you sleep on the left or the right side of the bed? Everyone votes, losing team drinks. If you don't sleep on a specific side, drink twice.
Players who currently have chapstick with them, put your moist lips on your drink and take a sip.
Which player would be the best in bed? The player with the most votes drinks.
If you know the last name of every other player, you get to give out three drinks.
If you listen to Mumford and Sons, drink for how quirky and cool you are.
Which player would make the best motivational speaker? Vote, then that person drinks and gives us a little life wisdom.
Which player is most addicted to social media? The person with the most votes must put their phone away and take a drink.
Toy Story or The Incredibles? Everybody votes on which one they prefer, losing team drinks.
Those who have fooled around in the movie theatre drink twice.
If you're not following Beyoncé on Instagram, drink. How dare you.
If you took karate as a kid, show us your best karate chop, then take a drink.
Drink if you've ever given blood. Did you do it for the muffin?
The last player who took a trip drinks. Where did you go?
Players with younger siblings, set a good example and drink.
Which player needs to be checked into anger management? The person with the most votes drinks to chill the fuck out.
Drink if you won a superlative in high school. What did you win?
Take one drink if you sleep on your side, two if you sleep on your back, and three if you sleep face down.
Drink if you're double jointed, now show us.
Drink if you've ever ridden a horse.
If you're drinking beer, you're in the clear; all other players must drink.
All players who are looking at their phone right now must drink.
Every player takes a drink for each year they've had braces.
Drink if you bought a high school class ring. Drink twice if you're wearing it right now.
Every player who knows how to solve a Rubik's Cube gets to give out two drinks.
The player with the oldest phone must drink.
Is your favorite movie Pulp Fiction, The Wolf of Wall Street, or The Godfather? Drink up and expand your movie list.
If you have a contact picture for one of the other players, show them and then each of you drink.
If the floor is hardwood, drink once; tile, drink twice; and if it's carpet, drink three times.
All players must reveal their first screen name. The person with the most embarrassing one must drink.
Drink if you believe in ghosts.
Drink if your iPhone has a home button, then explain why you're still living in the Stone Age.
Take a drink if you currently have a condom in your wallet or purse.
Take a drink if you've ever given or received road head. That's really dangerous.
Give out a drink for each ex-girlfriend or boyfriend you have.
The host of the party gives a toast, everyone cheers and takes a drink.
Drink if your family has a Costco membership.
Drink if you own a water bottle that has become a child to you.
Two players who have known each other the longest drink together.
The player who's DJing right now takes a little sip. We appreciate the fuck out of you.
Drink if you have a kid.
Any player with a cracked phone screen must drink.
Quick, first player to finish their drink gets to give out two drinks.
If you watched The Suite Life of Zack and Cody growing up, take a drink and give us your best Disney Channel wand motion.
Everyone who is younger than you takes a drink.
Take a drink for each chair being used in this game.
If everyone playing started a podcast together, what would it be called? Player to think of the best name gives out two drinks.
The player reading this card must hum a song. First player to guess the song correctly gives out a drink.
Quick, take a picture of me with the flash on. The first player to do so decides who must take a drink.
Quick, first person to say my middle name gives out two drinks.
Everyone must take a sip of their drink without using their hands.
In a fight between the youngest and the oldest players, who would win? The person with the most votes gives out two drinks.
Drink if you still follow your ex on Instagram. Drink twice if you liked their last post.
Drink if one of your last nine Instagram posts is a swimsuit pic.
Drink if you've ever quit a job. Why?
Go around in a circle and name different kinds of appetizers. The first one to fuck up drinks.
Drink if you do your own taxes. Also, congratulations on being a real adult.
Quick, last person to slap their own ass drinks.
Drink if you've ever been to Wyoming.
Drink if you've gone to class high.
Drink if you've ever had lice.
Drink if you're not registered to vote, then exercise your civil liberties and get on that.
Drink if you've been in a serious relationship. One drink for each year you've been dating your significant other.
If you do yoga, you have plenty of headspace for another drink.
If you had an inhaler growing up, inhale your beverage.
If you didn't get your license at sixteen, take a sip for procrastinating.
Whoever is in the picture on their phone's background drinks.
All players who are using someone else's Netflix account must drink.
All players with an Android phone must grip it and sip it.
If your name is John, Jake, Michael, Sarah, Jessica, or Emma, drink on behalf of your parents' lack of originality.
And the show must go on. Theatre kids, the spotlight is on you. Drink up.
Drink if you have roommates. One drink for each one you have.
If you've been on a road trip longer than five hours, drink like you don't have to stop for a bathroom break.
All players who have AirPods must drink.
Drink if you voted in the last election. Cheers to democracy.
All players who have an Alexa must drink.
Which player has had sex in the weirdest location? The person with the most votes drinks.
The player with the longest middle finger takes a drink.
The youngest player takes a drink. Don't blame us, blame your parents for not fucking sooner.
Quick, everyone touch your head with both hands. The last person to do so drinks.
The player who has broken the most bones takes one drink for each break.
The player with the largest shoe size takes a drink. Also, congrats on your huge dick.
The player who's a Scorpio takes a drink. Your parents probably fucked on Valentine's Day. You ever think about that?
Every player over six feet tall takes a drink for every inch over six feet.
Every player who's sitting cross-legged takes two drinks.
Every player with an outie belly button takes a drink because that's cute as hell.
Drink if you read the news today, you probably need that drink.
As a group, decide the worst trend of the year. Whoever participated in the trend will drink.
Drink if you've thrown a party at your house without your parents knowing. Very Project X of you.
Which player has the best smell? The person with the most votes drinks.
Players who attended a Zoom meeting during quarantine, meet with your drink now.
If you have more than fifty unread messages on your phone, drink. You're not a celebrity.
Drink if you had to learn cursive in elementary school. That was pointless.
If you prefer your coffee black, you are so brave and strong. Please take a drink.
Drink if you know how to do a TikTok dance, now do it.
Drink if you've ever taken a crying selfie.
Drink if you haven't been to the dentist in over two years.
If you put ketchup all over your fries instead of on the side, go fuck yourself. I mean, drink.
All players who have stickers on their laptops must drink. Drink twice if one sticker is a quote.
Drink if you had a swimming pool growing up. You lucky duck.
Which player can guess the time most accurately? No peeking. Winner gives out a drink.
If you make your bed every day, take a drink. You're so anal.
Players that shop online, add a sip like you add to the cart.
The tallest player and the shortest player hug, then they take a drink together.
Who has the most regrettable hairstyle? That person gives a drink to the player of their choice.
Which player is most likely to wear the same pair of underwear for a week straight? The person with the most votes drinks.
Whoever had the most recent birthday gets the gift of giving out three drinks.
Everybody build up a drumroll until I decide who I'd like to take a drink.
Drink if you participated in a Thanksgiving 5K.
Which player is the horniest? The person with the most votes drinks.
Quick, first person to call out something they see that is yellow gets to give out a drink.
Which player has the fullest drink right now? Take three drinks. Time to catch up, buddy.
Which player can make the best horse noise? The person with the most votes gets to give out a drink.
Drink if you've been to a casino. Drink twice if you lost money.
Drink if your Instagram account is on business mode.
Players with allergies must drink, then do an allergy reveal.
Each person must tell the group their favorite thing about themselves, then do a group cheers.
Everybody guess my phone's battery percentage. The person who is closest picks someone else to drink.
Drink if you go to a chiropractor. Speaking of, everyone fix your posture. You're sitting there like the Hunchback of Notre Dame.
Drink if you have multiple alarms set on your phone that are only minutes apart.
Do your best celebrity impression. The first person to correctly guess your identity chooses someone else to drink.
Whoever can dig up a baby pic the quickest, show us, then pick someone to drink.
Take a drink if you've ever seen The Human Centipede. Also, explain yourself.
If you sucked your thumb as a child, you can suck some drink now.
Take a drink if you've ever been to Coachella. Don't tell us, we don't care.
Drink if you've ever posted a picture with a fish you caught. Drink twice if you ever used it as a dating profile pic.
Drink if the red heart is your most recently used emoji.
Drink if you own something tie-dyed. Drink twice if it's homemade.
Drink if you've ever had a White Claw. Congrats on being different.
Which player needs a hug the most? The player with the most votes gets a hug. No drinks, just free hugs.
Take a drink if you've seen every Harry Potter movie. No Muggles allowed this round.
Take a drink if your parents still make your doctor's appointments. Then grow the fuck up.
Drink once for each item you have in your pockets — keys, wallet, phone — then pray you wake up with them all in the morning.
Drink if you grew up in California, New York, Florida, or Texas because everything is already about you anyway.
Drink if you know your significant other's passcode. Now that's trust.
All players who have dated another player must drink.
Choose a person to spell guarantee. If they can't, send a drink their way. If they spell it right, you drink.
Players who are vegetarian drink.
Drink if you've worn a face mask in the last twenty-four hours.
The last person to have had sex takes a drink right now.
Players who took band or orchestra in middle school, reveal your instrument and then take a drink.
Which player has the hottest dad? The person with the most votes drinks.
Drink once for each person you showed up with.
Drink if you're on your period.
Take turns naming fast food chains. The first person to fuck it up drinks.
Drink if your Instagram bio includes the city or state you live in. By the way, no one cares.
Which player can do the best impression of me? That person gives out a drink.
Everyone say what you were for Halloween last year. Everyone votes on the best costume, and that person chooses someone to drink. If you didn't dress up, drink twice.
Which player can come up with the best idea for an app off the top of their head? The person with the most votes gives out three drinks.
Drink if you enjoy the smell of gasoline.
All players with an Uber rating at or below 4.5 stars drink, then learn to be more respectful.
If you've recently protested somewhere, take a break from saving the world and drink.
Drink if you took an AP class in high school, nerd.
Drink if you've ever been fired.
Anyone who has milked a cow, drink and tell us how it made you feel.
Take a drink if you don't know how old your mom is.
