You can time travel to any year, but you have to live there for three years. What year would you choose and why?
What made you laugh today? What made you angry today?
If you traveled forward in time two hundred years from now at your current age and with your current knowledge, what career would you pursue?
Did you ever hide an object from your parents? If so, what was it and where did you hide it? Did you ever get caught?
If you could go back in time and be president for any seventy-two hours in history, what would it be?
What was the weirdest rumor you heard in school?
If you could add two hours to the day, would you rather have two extra hours in the morning or in the evening?
If you could choose any famous person to be your chauffeur for the next ten years, who would it be?
Is there something you wanted for a long time, but disliked once you finally had it?
What is the biggest personal decision you had to make in your life?
When you shower, what part of your body do you wash first? Which part do you dry first?
Where is the strangest place you've run into someone you know?
When is a time in the last year that you have felt at peace?
If you could be a fly on the wall and witness any event in your significant other's past, what would it be?
What was your favorite book that you read for school?
What is your favorite pair of shoes you have owned?
What are some of the simple pleasures in life that mean the most to you?
If you could make any portal between any two places in the world that you can use whenever you want, what two places would they be?
What is your favorite unsolved mystery?
What was your favorite cartoon as a kid?
What is your most illogical fear?
What is something you enjoy but try to downplay for your significant other because you are embarrassed?
What is a scam that you have fallen for?
What is an extreme sport or activity you'd like to try?
When was the last time you felt a sense of self-confidence?
If you could get one law passed, what would it be? What would be the consequences for violating the law?
What advice have you given someone that made a real difference in their life?
What is something you know about someone that they don't know about? Why haven't you told them?
What is the stupidest thing you have ever said to someone?
What is something that happens really fast that you wish you could slow down?
You were given one thousand acres and rural I have what and 100 million dollars checking account that closes in six months. All the money must be spent on something that stays within the property lines. You can't build something that will be for public use. What do you use the money to do?
What is the most annoying way that you try to flirt with your significant other? What is the most annoying way your significant other flirts with you?
What is the most embarrassed you have been in front of your parents or siblings?
What movie do you like more than the book?
What was your favorite vacation growing up?
What makes you nervous? What do you do to cope with the nervousness?
If you could choose one person to sing karaoke at your funeral, who would it be and what song would they sing?
If you had a dance move named after you, what would it be and what would it look like?
If you were given the ability to come back to life one time, just like a restart in a video game, how would you start living your life tomorrow?
If you had to write a book, what would the subject matter or premise be?
What are three things that people have done for you without asking that have meant the most to you?
What is a story you never get tired of hearing your significant other tell?
What was your favorite toy growing up?
When was the last time you felt powerful?
What song or album reminds you of a trip?
You can program your dreams. Please describe your perfect eight-hour dream for tonight.
What opinions of yours do you hide from people the most?
Describe the weirdest thing you have done when your brain was on autopilot.
What is something you anticipate will be invented in the next fifteen years that you look forward to?
If you had to choose between losing your sense of sight, hearing, or taste, which do you think you could live without?
What is the most underrated thing you use on a daily basis?
What is something that exceeded your expectations?
What are some of the best and worst nicknames given to people you know? How did they earn those nicknames?
What is something you find really interesting that most people find boring?
What is the worst revenge you have ever wreaked on someone?
What is the nicest thing your significant other has done to cheer you up?
What fashion trends have you tried in the past?
Choose one. You can be an incredible dancer, you can be an incredible guitar player, or you can be an incredible singer.
What is the biggest personal decision you made in the past ten years?
What is the most memorable body function you've had?
What is the happiest you've seen your significant other?
You are creating the greatest concert of all time, but only you will be in the audience. You can pick three bands or groups to perform. What's the lineup?
If you had unlimited resources to build a tree house, what would it be like and where would it be?
What informal group are you the most proud to be a member of?
What is the best deal you've ever made?
What is one of your skill sets that you wish your partner had too? If they woke up tomorrow with that skill, what would you do together? What skill sets of your partner's would you like to have?
God allows you to pick the eleventh and twelfth commandments. What do you choose?
What is a phrase that automatically makes you think less of someone when they use it?
What is something that you're proud that you never experienced?
What is something you used to be good at that you wish you could be good at again?
Name a famous person, dead or alive, who you think would become one of your best friends after a lunch date.
What's your favorite moment from a book?
What's your favorite sound? What is your least favorite sound?
Who were your favorite coworkers or bosses?
What types of things have you collected in the past? What's one thing you'd like to start collecting?
What is one look you wish you could pull off?
Would you rather be vigorously tickled nonstop for three hours or not eat for three days, and why?
What are some of your earliest memories?
Besides any formal ceremony, what event has most defined your life together?
If you could bug any room in the world with a camera and microphone, where would it be? Only you can see it and you cannot record or tell anybody about anything you see.
If you could have three afternoons completely free of obligations this week, what would you do?
When was the last time you felt proud for standing up for yourself?
Who is someone that is infamous that you admire? Try to explain why you like them.
What are three things you enjoy about where you currently live?
What is the craziest thing you have ever heard a teacher say or do?
What was the last inanimate object you spoke to?
What do most people fear that you do not?
What is the worst given name you have heard?
What is the biggest meal your significant other ever cooked for you?
What about right now do you think you will miss in the future?
What is something you are good at, but wish you weren't?
At a party, what five questions could you ask a stranger to find out if they were going to be a lifelong friend?
What sporting event would you most like to attend?
Was there something your parents refused to buy you as a kid that you really wanted?
What event in your life taught you the most about yourself?
What is something your significant other introduced you to that you now like?
What is the most overly dramatic thing you've ever seen someone do?
What is your favorite bathroom you have been in? Why is it your favorite?
What movies or TV episodes have you watched more than ten times?
What old habits have you phased out of in your life? What is a word or phrase you previously used a lot, but haven't said in years?
What experience in your life would you never believe happened if you hadn't been part of it?
What things have you done to get over someone?
What is something that will always make you laugh out loud?
What type of puzzles are you best at?
What was the worst car ride of your life?
If you could plan a day where money is not an object, what would you do?
If someone created a museum dedicated to you in your house with all your current belongings, what would be the most interesting display?
You unexpectedly time travel to the year 2501. You find yourself sitting in front of a computer. What is the first thing you look up on the internet?
What are some songs that remind you of specific people?
What's your favorite picture you've ever taken? What's your favorite picture of the two of you together?
If you could have one thing named after you, what would it be? If you could rename one object after your significant other, what would it be?
What is your favorite cup? Do you still have it? Where did you use it?
What irrational fear did you have as a teenager?
If you could train a robot to complete two tasks as perfectly and frequently as you do, what would you choose?
What is your favorite wintertime food? Why?
What experience in your life do you wish your significant other could have witnessed to better understand you?
What are some of the first things you did on a computer?
If you could have anyone in the world currently alive over for dinner, who would it be and what would you cook them?
Who have been the best cooks in your life? What did they make and why did it make such an impression on you?
What is something in your life that went much better than you anticipated?
If you had to marry one fictional character from a TV show or movie, who would it be?
What was the worst bite of food you have ever had?
If you had the chance to talk to the entire population of North Korea for ninety seconds, what would you say?
If you had the world to yourself for seventy-two hours, what would you do?
What is your favorite documentary?
Who was the first TV character that you had a crush on?
What fictional building would you most like to own?
You can ask anyone in the world one question and they have to answer truthfully. Who do you choose and what is the question?
What are some of your favorite jingles? What jingles have been stuck in your head recently?
Is there a lost object from your past you'd like to have back?
Name one place in the world that you've never been, but really want to go.
What mythical creature would you most like to encounter in the wild?
You are a time-traveling DJ. You can go back to any point in history and play one song over invisible speakers for everyone present to hear. What point in history would you travel back to and what song would you play?
What is the funniest thing your significant other has ever done?
If your name was a unit, what would it measure?
If you went back in time one hundred years with your current physical abilities, what sport would you be best at?
What food do you like that most people find revolting?
What was a favorite joke you told or heard as a kid?
What three traits do you think make someone the best person they can be?
What is something you find badass?
An alien abducts you and offers you one of three devices that can only be used by you and your significant other. A time travel device, a teleportation machine, a set of pills that let you live forever. Which parting gift would you choose?
If you had an extra hour in the day to spend with your spouse, what would you do with the extra hour each day for the next week?
What smells do you find pleasant that most people find revolting?
In your current wardrobe, what is your favorite piece of clothing?
Whose singing voice would you most like to have? Who would you switch your significant other's voice with?
Who was your archnemesis as a kid?
Which accent do you find most attractive?
What is the pettiest reason you have not dated someone?
When was the last time you had a great conversation with a complete stranger? What are some conversations with strangers that stand out in memory?
What is a subject that you'd like to learn more about?
What is the kindest thing a stranger has ever done for you?
What doomsday scenario do you think you'd fare best in?
If you could cure one disease, what would it be?
What is the weirdest conversation you've had on a date or at a party?
What is something non-political that you could argue all day long?
What mistake have you made only once?
You have an hour. What situation can you put someone in to learn the most about them?
What conspiracy theory do you find most convincing?
What is something cheap that you think should cost more, and why?
What is something that your ten-year-old self could beat you at today?
If you woke up tomorrow and everyone else in the world was gone, where's the first place you'd explore?
What is the greatest feat of your childhood?
What subtle things have you done in the past to annoy somebody?
What are some things you use every day but have no idea how they work?
If you could be any animal for forty-eight hours, what would you be?
What was your favorite TV show when you were in high school?
What is the most intimidated you've ever been?
If you could have anyone come live and work in your house for a year, who would it be?
What would you say if you could write a 140-character anonymous text message to yourself ten years ago?
What is something you like that you wish your significant other liked as much?
Which fictional character would you love to meet?
You are given a button. If you push it, half the world's current population will have never existed. All of your friends are protected from this effect of the button, and life would be one hundred percent the same as it currently is. Just with half the population. Would you push it?
What was your favorite news story of last year?
Have you ever faked something? What did you fake and why did you do it?
What is your favorite chore?
What is the funniest thing you've heard your grandparents say or seen them do?
If you traveled back in time a hundred and fifty years at your current age with your current knowledge, what career would you pursue?
Is there something you initially hid from your partner because you worried it would ruin your chances?
What are five things that you look forward to?
Which food best represents your personality?
If you could take away the negative health effects of one food or other item, what would it be and how much would you use it?
What is your best dance move? What is one dance move you'd like to learn?
Have you ever hallucinated something? When and what?
When was the last time you felt like you might lose it?
What is the biggest personal decision you had to make in the last year?
What is the bravest thing you've ever seen your significant other do?
When was the first time you remember crying?
What is the worst place you have tried to sleep?
When was the hardest you have ever laughed?
If you could choose a historical event to participate in, what would it be?
Describe the neighborhood you grew up in, the characters, your friends, and what you did for fun.
What event in your life would go viral if you had captured it on video?
What is an adventure you'd like to go on?
What is something that you probably know more about than ninety-nine percent of the world?
What story scared you most as a kid?
What is your least favorite genre of movie or television?
Do you remember a time when you felt like you were getting away with something really cool?
If you could switch bodies with the president of the United States for twenty-four hours, what would you do?
What is one fictional food that you'd like to try?
When was the last time you felt patriotic?